The toy cupboard
It is Peppa and George's bedtime.
Goodness me, why are
all these toys in your bed?
That's where they live.
Quickly, put the toys away
in yourtoy basket.
But the toy basket is full.
Oh, so it is,
maybe you need a toy cupboard.
Yes, I could make one tomorrow.
The last thing you made,
daddy pig, was this shelf.
I am very proud of that shelf.
But daddy it's all wobbly.
We use it as a slide.
The teddy and Mr. Dinosaur.
All right, let's buy a new toy cupboard.
We can buy one now on the computer.
Hooray!
Mummy pig is using the computer
to buy a toy cupboard.
Aha, now which one should we get?
Can we have this one, please?
That looks perfect,
mummy pig is buying the toy cupboard.
Congratulations, yourtoy
cupboard is ordered.
Oh, goody.
It is morning.
And the Mr. Zebra the postman
has a special delivery.
Post!
Special delivery for MS. Peppa pig
and masterGeorge.
What is it?
It's a toy cupboard.
Oh, It looks a bit flat.
Yes, you built it yourself.
Oh...
Don't worry, Peppa,
it'll be very easy for
your mummy and daddy to build.
Goodbye, bye bye, bye...
Now what do we do?
Now we build yourtoy cupboard.
That's strange.
There aren't any instructions.
Maybe it's so easy to build it
doesn't need instructions.
Mummy, can we help?
Yes, first, I need a shelf.
Here is a green shelf.
Thank you, peppa,
now I need four legs.
One, two, three, four.
Four blue legs, mummy
Lovely, we'll have this done in no time.
Here is red door, mummy pig.
Thank you, daddy pig.
There, finished.
Well done, mummy pig.
It's very tiny.
How would all our toy fit inside?
It's a little small.
Oh, George has found another bit.
Oh, maybe that is a spare shelf.
And these would be bits too
Oh, dear, the cupboard is tiny,
because mummy pig has not
used all the pieces.
We'll just have to take it apar
t and start again.
Oh, no.
If only we have the instructions.
Who can that be?
Hello, I just found these in my van.
It's the missing instructions.
That would make things a lot easier.
Hooray.
The instructions look very complicated.
It's no good,
it's nonsense.
Leave it to me, daddy pig.
I am quite enjoy
putting these things together.
Really?
Can we help it anyway?
You can put the kettle on.
I'll have a nice cup of tea
with six sugars, please
Everyone is preparing tea
and biscuits for Mr. Zebra.
Tea time, Mr. Zebra.
Wow...
Mr. Zebra has built the toy cupboard.
My goodness, that was quick.
Yeah, and I've put all your toys in there too.
Thank you, Mr. Zebra.
But there is no room for these last two.
Oh, poor teddy and Mr. Dinosaur.
Where are they going to live?
Why not simply orderanther easy
to make cupboard?
No!
I've got a better idea.
Teddy and Mr. Dinosaur
can live on your beds.
But mummy, that is
where they lived before.
Yes, I know.
That's why it. S such a good idea.